1. Li A., Chai X., Zhang Y. J.\* and **Yang G.\*** (2018) Isogeometric analysis based simulation and analysis of material transport in complex geometry of neurons, submitted .
2. Ba Q., Yu Y., Lee H.-C., and **Yang G.** (2018) High-resolution imaging and quantitative analysis of mitochondrial dynamics in Drosophila larval segmental axons,  submitted.
3. Chai X., Ba. Q., and **Yang G.** (2018) Characterizing robustness and sensitivity of convolutional neural networks for quantitative analysis of mitochondrial morphology, Quantitative Biology, in press. 
4. Ba Q., Raghavan G., Kiselyov K., and **Yang G.** (2018) Whole-cell scale dynamic organization of lysosomes revealed by spatial statistical analysis, Cell Reports. vol. 23, pp. 3591-3606.
5. Ming X., Chai X., Muthakana H., Liang X., **Yang G.**, Zeev-Ben-Mordehai T. and Xing E. (2017) Deep learning based subdivision approach for large scale macromolecules structure recovery from electron cryo tomograms, Bioinformatics, vol. 33, pp. i13-i22. 
6. Rastogi S. K., Raghavan G., **Yang G.\*** and Cohen-Karni T.* (2017) Effect of graphene on nonneuronal and neuronal cell viability and stress, Nano Letters, vol. 17, pp. 3297-3301. 
7. Ba Q., and **Yang G.** (2016) Intracellular organelle networks: Understanding their organization and communication through systems-level modeling and analysis, Frontiers in Biology, doi:10.1007/s11515-016-1436-9. (PDF)
8. Yu Y., Lee H.-C., Chen K.-C., Suhan J., Qiu M., Ba Q. and **Yang G.** (2016) Inner membrane fusion mediates spatial distribution of axonal mitochondria, Scientific Reports, doi:10.1038/srep18981. (PDF)
9. Lee H.-C., Liao T., Zhang Y. J., and **Yang G.** (2015) Shape component analysis: structure-preserving dimension reduction on biological shape spaces, Bioinformatics, doi: 10.1093/bioinformatics/btv648. (PDF)(MATLAB Code)
10. Liao T., Lee H.-C., **Yang G.**, Zhang Y. J. (2015) Shape correspondence analysis for biomolecules based on volumetric eigenfunctions, Mol. Based Math. Biol., vol. 3, pp. 112-127.
11. Weaver L. N., Ems-McClung S. C., Chen S. H., **Yang G.**, Shaw S. L., and Walczak C. E. (2015) The Ran-GTP gradient spatially regulates XCTK2 in the spindle, Current Biology, vol. 25, pp. 1509-1514.
12. **Yang G.** and Lee H.-C. (2015) Computational image analysis for cell mechanobiology, in Integrative Mechanobiology: Micro and Nano Techniques in Cell Mechanobiology, Yu Sun, Craig Simmon, Deok-Ho Kim eds, Cambridge University Press, to appear.
13. **Yang G.** (2014) Image-based computational tracking and analysis of spindle protein dynamics, in Mitosis: Methods and Protocols, Methods in Molecular Biology, D. Sharp ed., vol. 1136, DOI 10.1007/978-1-4939-0329-0_5, Springer.
14. Gunawardena S., **Yang G.**, and Goldstein L. S. B. (2013) Presenilin controls kinesin-1 and dynein function during AP vesicle transport in vivo, Human Molecular Genetics, vol. 22, pp. 3838-3843.
15. **Yang G.** (2013) Bioimage informatics for understanding spatiotemporal dynamics of cellular processes (invited review), Wiley Interdisciplinary Reviews Systems Biology and Medicine, vol. 5, pp. 367-380.
16. Booth-Gauthier E. A., Alcoser T. A., **Yang G.**, and Dahl K. N. (2012) Force-induced changes in subnuclear movement and rheology, Biophysical Journal, vol. 103, pp. 2423-2431.
17. Reis R. F.*, **Yang G.\***, Szpankowski L., Weaver C., Shah S. B., Robinson J. T., Hays T. S., Danuser G., and Goldstein L. S. B. (2012) Molecular motor function in axonal transport in vivo probed by genetic and computational analysis in Drosophila, Molecular Biology of the Cell, vol. 23, pp. 1700-1714. (*: equal contribution)
18. Gable A., Qiu M., Titus J., Balchand S., Ferenz N. F., Ma N., Fagerstrom C., Ross R. L., **Yang G.**, and Wadsworth P. (2012), Dynamic reorganization of Eg5 in the mammalian spindle throughout mitosis requires dynein and TPX2, Molecular Biology of the Cell, vol. 23, pp. 1254-1266.
19. Roy S., **Yang G.**, Tang Y., and Scott D. (2012) A simple photoactivation and image analysis module for visualizing and analyzing axonal transport with high temporal resolution, Nature Protocols, vol. 7, pp. 62-68, 2012.
20. Matov A., Edvall M.M., **Yang G.**, and Gaudenz Danuser (2011), Optimal-flow minimum-cost correspondence assignment in particle flow tracking, Computer Vision and Image Understanding, vol. 115, pp. 531-540.
21. Weinger J., Qiu M., **Yang G.**, and Kapoor T. (2011) A nonmotor microtubule binding site in kinesin-5 is required for filament crosslinking and sliding,Current Biology, vol. 21, pp. 1-7.
22. Goodman B., Channels W., Qiu M., Iglesias P., **Yang G.\***, Zheng Y.* (2010) Lamin B counteracts the kinesin Eg5 to restrain spindle pole separation during spindle assembly, Journal of Biological Chemistry, vol. 285, pp. 35238-35244.
23. Cameron, L.A., Houghtaling, B.R., and **Yang G.** (2010) Fluorescent Speckle Microscopy, inOptical Imaging Techniques: a Laboratory Manual, Yuste R. eds., Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory Press, pp. 667-682.
24. Applegate, K., **Yang G.**, Danuser, G. (2009) High-content analysis of cytoskeleton functions by fluorescent speckle microscopy, Nanotechnology, vol. 5, Nanomedicine, Vogel V. et al. eds., pp. 167-206, Wiley-VCH.
25. Houghtaling B.R., **Yang G.\***, Matov A.*, Danuser G., and Kapoor T. (2009) Op18 reveals the contribution of non-kinetochore microtubules to the dynamic organization of the vertebrate meiotic spindle, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, vol. 106, pp. 15338-15343.
26. **Yang G.\***, Cameron L.A.*, Danuser G., and Salmon E.D. (2008) Regional variation of microtubule flux reveals microtubule organization in Xenopus extract meiotic spindles, Journal of Cell Biology, vol. 182, pp. 631-639.
27. Dorn J., Danuser G., and **Yang G.** (2007) Computational processing and analysis of dynamic fluorescence image data, inFluorescent Proteins, Methods in Cell Biology, vol. 85, pp. 497-538.
28. **Yang G.\***, Houghtaling B.R.*, Gaetz J., Liu J.Z., Danuser G., and Kapoor T.M. (2007), Architectural dynamics of the meiotic spindle revealed by single-fluorophore imaging, Nature Cell Biology, vol. 9, pp. 1233-1242. (*equal contribution)
29. Haghnia M., Cavalli V., Shah S.B., Schimmelpfeng K., Brusch R., **Yang G.**, Herrera C., Pilling A., and Goldstein, L.S.B. (2007), Dynactin is required for coordinated bidirectional motility, but not for dynein membrane attachment, Molecular Biology of the Cell, vol. 18, pp. 2081-2089.
30. **Yang G.** and Nelson, B.J. (2007) Fundamentals of microscopy and machine vision, inLife Science Automation: Fundamentals and Applications, Zhang M.J., Nelson B.J., and Felder R.A. eds., pp.125-149, Artech House.
31. Cameron L.A., **Yang G.**, Cimini D., Canman J.C., Kisurina-Evgenieva O., Khodjakov A., Danuser G., and Salmon E.D. (2006) Kinesin 5-independent poleward flux of kinetochore microtubules in PtK1 cells, Journal of Cell Biology, vol. 173, pp. 173-179. (Cover)
32. Shah S., **Yang G.**, Danuser G., and Goldstein L.S.B. (2006) Axonal transport: imaging and modeling of a neuronal process, inProc. Nobel Symposium 131: Controlled Nanoscale Motion in Biological and Artificial Systems. Lecture Notes in Physics, vol. 711, pp. 65-84, Springer-Verlag.
33. **Yang G.** and Nelson B.J. (2005) Optomechatronic design of microassembly systems for manufacturing hybrid microsystems, IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics, vol. 52, pp. 1013-1023.
34. **Yang G.**, Gaines J.A., and Nelson B.J. (2003) A supervisory wafer-level microassembly system for hybrid MEMS fabrication, Journal of Intelligent and Robotic Systems, vol. 37, pp. 43-68.
35. **Yang G.** and Nelson B.J. (2003) Automated microassembly, in MEMS Packaging, T.-R. Hsu ed., pp. 109-140, IEE Press.
36. Vikramaditya B., Nelson B.J., **Yang G.**, and Enikov E.T. (2001) Microassembly of hybrid magnetic MEMS, Journal of Micromechatronics, vol. 1, pp. 99-116.
